_These days, aren't we are all alone in a room?_ Our communication--what
makes us human--is mediated through a substrate of bits, waves, and networks.
These systems translate and transcode our faces, our speech, our affect. And
the translation is imperfect! Its encoding is incomplete! It carries latency!
When our humanity is quantized, measured, made legible to the machine, we strip
away its complexity and nuance. We use media that limits our emotions to "like"
and "dislike", "thumbs up" and "thumbs down": conforming the richness of our
spirit into schema and structure.

_And yet,_ these same systems enable so much: we can communicate (however
mediated) across space. We can form communities of interest, we can
collaborate, we can play. Consumers become producers. We are all agents of
cultural production: discovering, forking, contributing, remixing, archiving.
With all this creation, the artifacts of our culture drag a complected web of
provenance, layers of meaning translated through time, alternately accreting
and shedding. Ideas and memes pass through our culture like a game of
telephone, transcoded at each step.

_Life Online_ explores these themes through the lens of piano music. We present
our audience with a mediated interface to a disklavier piano: a handful of
keys. Our players, geographically and temporally distributed, participate
through this interface, collaboratively playing and recording a piano score.
Our playing fleetingly becomes physical on the disklavier, but this is just a
single moment: no human can hear it before it is captured again, transcoded
into a digital audio-video, and relayed back to us through a corporate
streaming platform.
